He ate that recently
Birth control pills that's it
Short-term contraceptives contain more progesterone
It should be his first time eating
The body can't take it
If you are a man, treat others well, doctor
Don't talk nonsense
Do you know who that is?
I don't care who he is.
When you get to the hospital, you have to tell the doctor the truth
Otherwise, what should I do if I delay the condition?
What can I ask you next?
You have to tell me the truth, understand?
What will happen to him next?
Has this been medicated?
Although it is harmful to the body
But he's still in a coma.
The situation is too serious
I suspect he has other problems
come
You take him off the covers
I'll check him out.
I lifted his quilt
Why don't you want to?
Why don't you come?
Don't be inappropriate
Are you kidding?
This is the woman who has an affair with Mr. Gu
I want to touch a strand of his hair
Mr. Wu killed me
Come on, not me.
Don't I have no hands?